Update release note with installer changes (#6713)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.5.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md

### New features

#### Installers

> - Introduced a new installer with dependencies (custom JRE) compatible with macos-arm architecture. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced a new installer with dependencies (custom JRE) compatible with the macOS-ARM architecture. 
```
Shall we link to the Downloads page?

### New features

#### Installers

> - Introduced a [new installer](https://dist.ballerina.io/downloads/2201.5.0/ballerina-2201.5.0-swan-lake-macos-arm-x64.pkg) with dependencies (custom JRE) compatible with the macOS-ARM architecture. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced a [new installer](https://dist.ballerina.io/downloads/2201.5.0/ballerina-2201.5.0-swan-lake-macos-arm-x64.pkg) by including the dependencies that are compatible with the macOS-ARM architecture. 
```

### New features

#### Installers

> - Introduced a [new installer](https://dist.ballerina.io/downloads/2201.5.0/ballerina-2201.5.0-swan-lake-macos-arm-x64.pkg) that supports the macOS-ARM architecture. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced a [new installer](https://dist.ballerina.io/downloads/2201.5.0/ballerina-2201.5.0-swan-lake-macos-arm-x64.pkg) that supports the macOS-ARM architecture. 
```
Shouldn't we remove it from here as we are mentioning it under the `Install Ballerina` section?
